Do you know me?
I will never forget him
20 years ago, you had a congenital heart condition
He was on his knees like you, begging me to save you.
congenital heart disease
Unfortunately, I was too busy at the time
In order to save Mrs. Ye, she had to leave
You and your daughter were never found again
All these years I have felt indebted to you mother and daughter
I didn't expect you to grow up safely
But disguised
dean
I can't live without my mother
Please save him
Foursquare helped me find the patient's test results
dean
The cancer has metastasized.
Lack of hope
Even if the drug is combined with chemotherapy
It only delays the patient's pain
and
And the medical expenses are as high as hundreds of thousands
I eat whatever the dean pays
I beg you
Please, Dean, I beg you, save me
Hello Dean Ma
I will help reduce some medical expenses
Thanks.
Mom
Mom, open your eyes and look at me
Mom, I'm Nian Nian Mom.
Mom
I can help you.
Uh, where are you taking me?
Why did you bring me here?